Add contents rust offical (#84)
lborb/book: src/official.md

Working groups:
* [_Compiler team working groups_](https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team/working-groups/) - a list of working groups

> * [Const Generics Project Group](https://rust-lang.github.io/project-const-generics/index.html) - implements and designs the const_generics feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Const Generics Project Group](https://rust-lang.github.io/project-const-generics/index.html) - design and implementation of the const generics feature
```

* [Standard library developers Guide](https://std-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/about.html)
* [The Rust Language Design Team](https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/design_notes.html) - information related to the work of the lang team
* [The Types Team](https://rust-lang.github.io/types-team/) - traits implementation improvements
* [wg-async](https://rust-lang.github.io/wg-async/) - foundations of async I/O

Other:
* [Asynchronous Programming in Rust](https://rust-lang.github.io/async-book/) - non-blocking coroutines

> * [cargo-bisect-rustc](https://rust-lang.github.io/cargo-bisect-rustc/) - tool for automatically downloads rustc artifacts and tests until it finds the regression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [cargo-bisect-rustc](https://rust-lang.github.io/cargo-bisect-rustc/) - tool for automatically downloading and bisecting rustc artifacts and tests until it finds a given regression
```

* [The Rust Language Design Team](https://lang-team.rust-lang.org/design_notes.html) - information related to the work of the lang team
* [The Types Team](https://rust-lang.github.io/types-team/) - traits implementation improvements
* [wg-async](https://rust-lang.github.io/wg-async/) - foundations of async I/O

> * [Const Generics Project Group](https://rust-lang.github.io/project-const-generics/index.html) - implements and designs the const_generics feature

Reviewer: Please could you move this to the top of that group so the book names are in alphabetical order?

* [Rust RFCs](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/) - list of Requests For Comments for changes to Rust
* [The Chalk Book](https://rust-lang.github.io/chalk/book/) - Rust's new trait system implementation
* [The `bindgen` User Guide](https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-bindgen/) - automatically generates Rust FFI bindings to C and C++ libraries

> * [cargo bisect rustc](https://rust-lang.github.io/cargo-bisect-rustc/) - tool for automatically downloads rustc artifacts and tests until it finds the regression

Reviewer: Please could you move this so the book names in this group are in alphabetical order?

Also, please rename to `cargo-bisect-rust` to match the literal name of the book (compare `wg-async`).
